26.04-summary: add coreutils instructions and known issues (#184)
ubuntu/ubuntu-release-notes: docs/26.04/summary-for-lts-users.md

The core utilities of the operating system are now provided by the [`rust-coreutils`](https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rust-coreutils) package. Among other things, this brings significant performance improvements, such as in the `base64` tool.

> Since `rust-coreutils` are not necessarily fully compatible yet, we continue to provide the classic GNU utilities as well. These are accessed by running `gnu` prefixed to the desired command. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because `rust-coreutils` are not fully compatible yet, we continue to provide the classic GNU utilities as well. These are accessed by running `gnu` prefixed to the desired command. For example:
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```none
````

gnuls
```

> Alternatively, you can switch between the two sets of utilities by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can switch between the two sets of utilities by running the following commands:
```

```bash
# To switch to GNU coreutils
sudo apt install coreutils-from-gnu --allow-remove-essential

# To switch back to rust-coreutils
sudo apt install coreutils-from-uutils --allow-remove-essential

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
To switch to GNU coreutils:
: ```none
  sudo apt install coreutils-from-gnu --allow-remove-essential
  ```

To switch back to rust-coreutils:
: ```none
  sudo apt install coreutils-from-uutils --allow-remove-essential
  ```
````

> Because of unresolved bugs, `cp`, `mp`, and `rm` are still from GNU in `rust-coreutils`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of unresolved bugs, the `cp`, `mp`, and `rm` utilities are still from GNU in `rust-coreutils`.
```

> For more information please see: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/an-update-on-rust-coreutils/80773

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [An update on rust-coreutils](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/an-update-on-rust-coreutils/80773).
```
